Oh, it must be that Vice Chen always has a heart.
The Shen Brothers' Birthday, I've forgotten.
I don't know.
I accidentally saw it when I sent the report today.
In doing so, Liao Dai Trang had to commit a crime against Tran Kim Dao.
Strong brother, is it my birthday today?
Talk about your nature.
Happy birthday to you.
Hey, okay.
If the Shen Jang brothers had all talked.
Then follow me.
You drink the most today.
Everybody have fun.
Hahahaha, come here.
Haha.
Come here.
Here you are, brother, congratulations.
Come on.
Last time we got home, it was 10 o'clock.
I've been drinking for so long this time.
Why didn't the killer show up?
What's going on?
The Dragon God.